{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\b Solution Proposal (For Product Owner Approval)\b0\par
\par
\b Objective\b0\par
Propose lightweight, capstone-appropriate solutions for the approved gap register.\par
\par
\b Decision Principle\b0\par
Do not reinvent the wheel. Reuse existing stronger prototype paths and apply minimum viable consolidation.\par
\par
\b SP-01 (for GR-01): Select one demo runtime path\b0\par
Proposal: Use new-frontend/frontend as the presentation layer and newBackend/BackendCode as the integration API path for final demo.\par
Rationale: Lowest integration friction and clear architecture story.\par
Effort: Low\par
\par
\b SP-02 (for GR-02): Contract alignment for API routes\b0\par
Proposal: Standardize frontend API calls to backend routes: /api/streams, /api/stream-names, /api/filter-streams.\par
Rationale: Removes immediate integration failures with minimal refactor.\par
Effort: Low\par
\par
\b SP-03 (for GR-03): Live mode as default, mock mode as fallback\b0\par
Proposal: Enable live API mode by default and keep a mock flag for offline marking/demo fallback.\par
Rationale: Demonstrates real integration while preserving demo resilience.\par
Effort: Low\par
\par
\b SP-04 (for GR-04): Basic deployment reliability fixes\b0\par
Proposal: Correct Docker paths and health check references to match actual files and routes.\par
Rationale: Increases startup reliability without enterprise-grade infra work.\par
Effort: Medium\par
\par
\b SP-05 (for GR-05): Canonical sensor payload contract\b0\par
Proposal: Define one baseline payload format for API responses and map datasets to this structure.\par
Rationale: Prevents brittle frontend parsing and reduces transformation bugs.\par
Effort: Medium\par
\par
\b SP-06 (for GR-06): Quick dependency and feature wiring cleanup\b0\par
Proposal: Resolve missing/unused dependency references and stabilize high-visibility UI flows.\par
Rationale: Improves runtime confidence quickly.\par
Effort: Low\par
\par
\b SP-07 (for GR-07): Lightweight quality gate\b0\par
Proposal: Add small backend and frontend smoke tests for key endpoints and chart rendering.\par
Rationale: Provides objective correctness evidence for capstone report.\par
Effort: Low to Medium\par
\par
\b SP-08 (for GR-08): Explicit boundary in project narrative\b0\par
Proposal: Label folders as runtime path vs research/prototype path in documentation and final presentation.\par
Rationale: Keeps architecture coherent for evaluators.\par
Effort: Low\par
\par
\b Proposed Execution Order\b0\par
1) Runtime path selection and API contract alignment\par
2) Live-mode integration and health endpoint\par
3) Data contract normalization\par
4) Test pack and documentation boundary update\par
\par
\b Approval Checkpoint\b0\par
On PO approval, implementation starts with HLD baseline, then LLD, then technical contribution backlog execution.\par
}
